ظآزThe whole world is lit upظآز
ظآزBecause you existظآز
ظآزYou're alwaysظآز
ظآزSomewhere close, flying with meظآز
ظآزGo to where the wind blowsظآز
ظآزHold tightظآز
ظآزTo the ray of light that belongs to usظآز
=Wild & Fiery=
=Episode 4=
Such an important exhibit was stolen,
yet the group's alarm didn't go off.
And it happened right before
the exhibition was about to start.
Don't you find it strange?
What are you trying to say?
I just want to know.
As the new
Head of Security for Mu Group,
what do you think
about this theft?
What do I think?
I spent all of yesterday playing house
with a certain lady.
How would I have time
to worry about the theft?
I...
Shen Jibai.
Shen Jibai,
are you there?
Shen Jibai, are you there?
The door to
the collection room is locked.
The airtightness here is excellent.
The longer we're here,
the thinner the oxygen will get.
We have to find a way out
as soon as possible.
What's wrong?
I have night blindness.
I can't see anything in the dark.
So...
ظآزCircling repeatedlyظآز
ظآزLike a flight with no destinationظآز
ظآزIf longing can be foldedظآز
Is this a bit better?
ظآزWhere is the edge of the dream?ظآز
ظآزAlways measuring the interval
between breath and silenceظآز
ظآزLike fishing
for raindrops in the desertظآز
ظآزIf time stopped spinningظآز
ظآزOur passion would expireظآز
ظآزIf my heart refuses
to compromise with the nightظآز
ظآزI'll tear out my ribs
to strike the stars louderظآز
Just point the light anywhere.
ظآزSettling in my veinsظآز
ظآزEvery flutterظآز
Wait a second.
Why is this display case
different from the others?
This one is recessed.
This is a gravity-sensing system
specifically set up
for high-profile exhibits.
Once the collection item is removed,
it triggers an alarm.
It can only be bypassed
using a special chip device.
These thieves
are very professional.
If the alarm goes off,
the group's security personnel
will arrive immediately.
But the Han Dynasty White Jade Bowl
did indeed vanish quietly.
Right.
As long as the alarm sounds,
the security personnel will come.
I know how we can get out.
What are you doing?
Hello?
Mr. He, I'm so sorry.
Director Mu is busy right now,
so it might not
be convenient to see you.
It's fine.
I'll leave the item here.
She can just
come pick it up when she's free.
Alright.
What?
Director Mu is locked
in the collection room?
Yu.
What's going on?
Why did the alarm go off out of nowhere?
Ms. Xu,
is there a major problem
with your company's security system?
Why would someone
be locked inside and unable to get out?
I don't follow you, Mr. He.
Since when is it an outsider's place
to tell us how
to run our security at Mu Group?
Open the door for me.
(Collection Room)
Zhiyu,
are you okay?
I was so afraid you were hurt.
Thank goodness,
Jibai was there to protect you.
Otherwise,
if you got hurt,
I wouldn't know how to explain it.
Look, Mr. He,
isn't Zhiyu
being well-protected by Jibai?
This is much better
than us worrying out here.
Don't worry.
We're fine.
It's thanks to Shen Jibai's
familiarity with the security system.
However,
we've managed to find
key evidence regarding the theft.
To be safe,
it's best to hand the case
over to the police immediately
and seal off the scene.
Ms. Xu, is something
the matter so late at night?
How are your injuries from today?
Take this.
Have a drink with me.
I hadn't noticed before
that you were such a gentleman.
It's just a minor scratch. It's nothing.
Do you remember what I told you to do?
If I don't get what I want,
I won't pay a single cent.
I...
Shen Jibai.
Is something wrong?
Are your injuries okay?
I'm fine.
Drinking while you're injured?
The wound will get inflamed.
Don't tell me you lack
even this much common sense.
Is this really necessary?
When I was little,
my mom used to say
that wounds must be disinfected
after an injury.
ظآزThe fragmented, peacefulظآز
ظآزTiniest dreamظآز
ظآزSlips through the window by chanceظآز
ظآزShines into my lifeظآز
ظآزYou never say a wordظآز
You're quite skilled at this.
Have you learned it before?
When I was abroad,
I took veterinary medicine
as an elective.
I've bandaged a lot of animals.
ظآزMy world becomes hazyظآز
ظآزAdvancing while retreatingظآز
I've always been curious.
With your skills
and strong professional abilities,
how can you be content
with being just a lowly
Head of Security at our Mu Group?
Or could it be...
Are you following my stepmom
and planning to move up?
The terms Mu Group
offers for a Head of Security
are enough for an average person
to work for many years.
ظآزNot daring to say too muchظآز
The money at Mu Group
isn't that easy to earn.
As long as you can cause me less trouble
and not stir up so many things,
it'll be fine, Miss Mu.
ظآزNot daring to say too muchظآز
ظآزPerhaps you already
understand my heartظآز
The medicine spilled.
I'll go get a towel.
ظآزLight comes beaming inظآز
ظآزLanding on my skinظآز
ظآزWarms the space you left behindظآز
ظآزShadows move aroundظآز
ظآزAwake, racing thoughtsظآز
ظآزTry to keep the memories safeظآز
ظآزDon't slip awayظآز
ظآزI'm all yours, all yoursظآز